Xia Zhu people still have to distinguish their own cold hearts
Climbed Xuanyuan Zongdu Yuzu Gate
I'm still human
I can get you banned in the industry with one word
You still have to serve me now
I'm wearing shoes too
Summer Lily
Is it time for you to answer my question?
Is the disappearance of the five treasures related to you?
What five treasures do not know
Let go
Let go of summer lilies
Do you think I'm a fool?
Only my mother and I know that the five treasures are missing
How do you know that?
And what about Erbao and velvet paper?
I don't know.
You better not know.
I'll tell you what.
My child is my life
If I find out about you
I won't let you go if I'm a ghost
How come?
No shoes, no alcohol
You obviously did it on purpose
You wait for me.
noisy
What do a bunch of people outside look like?
What Xi Shao said is right?
Xia Zhu, you probably don't know yet, right?
I'm about to get engaged to Xi Shao
Well, I have to thank you
If Governor Xuanyuan hadn't helped you out
Embarrass me in public
How could Xi Shao announce the marriage contract in public?
In the future, I will be Mrs. Xi
It's the difference between us
Then congratulations
I wish you a happy union in a hundred years
Stop harming others
What child happened to the kindergarten?